Brother, why are you hitting me?
Don't you know who Mr. Song is?
Doesn't he have a few small bosses with small money?
You trash! I told you so
Let you stay away from the Ye family
You just wouldn't listen?
Mr. Song is someone you can afford to provoke
Brother, what do you mean?
Who can catch the trend of the next era?
It's all up to Mr. Song
Mr. Song's company
Has mastered the ability to keep anyone in place
Technology for takeoff
How dare you provoke him
Mr. Zuo, I'm really sorry.
Made you laugh
I'm used to smooth sailing at home
Don't take offense
No need to apologize
My company's business is also very busy
I want to know now.
How to deal with this matter?
You can deal with it as you say.
They beat my daughter and the whole school has to apologize publicly
Then fired
And the autistic kid who was put in the hospital
The school must cover his medical expenses
And subsequent expenses
Reasonable very reasonable
Didn't you hear what Mr. Song said?
Mr. Chen, you can't do this
In front of the Chen family, your Ye family is nothing
I declare your Ye family
All cooperation with our Chen family is cancelled
Now are you going to get out by yourself or I'll find someone to get out for you?
Mr. Song, are you still satisfied?
I just returned to China today.
I also know everything about yesterday's banquet
See if we can cooperate.
Chen Wencheng has a deep foundation in Jiangzhou
If you cooperate with the Chen family
The sales of new energy vehicles will be stronger
Dad, Uncle Chen is so nice
Otherwise, let's cooperate with Uncle Chen
Thank you kid
Uh, I'll bring you a gift next time we meet.
Our company's new energy vehicles
It will be released on the 1st of next month.
Is Mr. Chen still in time?
It's definitely in time